User Guide & Tutorials
=======================

How to see this user guide offline?
-----------------------------------
Since No-CMS pdf-format documentation is no longer exists, you can use various markdown-previewer program to see this documentation offline. Once you download No-CMS, you can find this documentation located at `/doc/tutorial.md`.

If you use chrome browser, you can install an extension called [Markdown Preview](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/markdown-preview/jmchmkecamhbiokiopfpnfgbidieafmd?hl=en). Once you install the extension, go to [chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions) and activate `Allow access to file urls`. Open up the documentation by using google chrome, and enjoy.


For mere users and everyone
---------------------------
* [Some Concepts](tutorial/user_concepts.md)
* [Installation](tutorial/user_installation.md)
* [Update & Migration](tutorial/user_update_and_migration.md)
* [Themes](tutorial/user_themes.md)
* [Layout](tutorial/user_layout.md)
* [User & Groups](tutorial/user_user_and_group.md)
* [Navigation & Pages](tutorial/user_navigation.md)
* [Widgets](tutorial/user_widget.md)
* [Modules](tutorial/user_modules.md)
* [Configuration](tutorial/user_configuration.md)

For designers
-------------
* [Theme Structures](tutorial/designer_themes.md)
* [Tags](tutorial/designer_tags.md)

For programmers
---------------
* [Modules](tutorial/programmer_modules.md)
* [Module Generator](tutorial/programmer_module_generator.md)
* [Code Generated by Module Generator](tutorial/programmer_module_generated_by_module_generator.md)
* [Translation](tutorial/programmer_translation.md)

FAQ
====

* __Why do you make No-CMS?__
    Because I need it in my work. And I think many CodeIgniter developer will need it too. I lost nothing by share it to everyone, instead I get a lot of feedback to make No-CMS more stable.

* __Is there a premium or paid version of No-CMS?__
    No there is not.

* __Why do you use CodeIgniter 3.0 development version?__
    Because I need PDO support to hook up with postgresql & sqlite.

* __Why don't you use the newest version of CodeIgniter 3.0 development version?__
    Because the newest 3.0 has [new file name convention](https://github.com/EllisLab/CodeIgniter/commit/20292311636837e120d205e470e41826820feb46). I'm afraid this will affect a lot of No-CMS user. In this case, I think backward compatibility matter. Actually I have try to modify CodeIgniter core so that it will has backward-compatibility, but I found there is an issue with HMVC. So I decide to stop and write the documentation instead.

* __Your English is terrible, there are a lot of grammatical error in the documentation. Can I help you to write a better documentation?__
    Sure. I know it. And I probably need your help. Just open the documentation on github, and click edit.

* __Are you a Pinoy?__
    No, I am not a Pinoy, I am an Indonesian. You might never heard of Indonesia before, but you might have ever heard about Bali or Komodo. But no, I'm not living in Bali, and I never see komodo by myself.

* __How can I make my own custom theme and module?__
    [Here](tutorial/designer_themes.md) is how to make theme, and [here](tutorial/programmer_modules.md) is how to make module. Or scroll up a bit, the link should be visible, since I don't remember writing `a{display:none;}` here.

* __Why did you delete the old pdf documentation and use this instead? I prefer to see the documentation offline__
    This kind of user guide is more colaborative. Someone can edit it, I approve the changes, and everything changed. It is also visible online (without any need to download the entire documentation). To see the documentation offline, please scroll up a bit. I write the guide in the beginning section with a big title.

* __CodeIgniter sucks. Don't you want to switch to other framework?__
    Yes I know CodeIgniter sucks, but I never think that other framework is better (no offense here). I have try several PHP frameworks and always come back to CodeIgniter. However, I also try to write a better framework called [kokoropy](https://github.com/goFrendiAsgard/kokoropy) in Python.

* __Will you stop No-CMS development?__
    I don't have any intention to stop the development. Some of my job is still related to `PHP`-`Mysql` stuff (although I think `Python` is better). Most server is still use PHP & MySQL. This is the biggest market trend. And No-CMS works well so far. People seems to look for PHP program since there are a lot of PHP developer out there. CodeIgniter is still one of big player here.
